I might know Sony for and this is
Optimus Prime
or the Transformers community please
subscribe to my
hey what's going on in Mouseketeers my
mouth Sony for the transformers video
review from hero mashers I bring to you
Optimus Prime
here at the top it says mash-up with
Ultra Magnus
so on the back here I show you picture
of offers Prime with his firing plaster
here's his swappable gear works with any
mashup appears has learned about a hand
or leg then it says mixed parts from
there's a picture of Optimus Prime
you can use Megatron which is this piece
right here you can use Batta Batta rift
which is this piece right here you can
use Starscream which is it the leg right
here you can also use bumblebee which is
the fight right there
so without further ado enough with the
package
let's get hero mashers Optimus Prime out
of here and see what he's all about okay
so here we have up to his prime Alito
and disassembled you can't put them back
together that's actually really simple
to do you can start with the feet first
grab the legs and there's a peg hole
just on the top of aquas Prime's leg
right there and you can plug this in
just like that you can do the same thing
with your the leg grab the leg again
there's a peg hole on the top plug this
in there just like that and now you have
the legs done with the upper torso of
Optimus Prime you can grab the legs and
plug this in there just like that do the
same thing with your the side so you can
plug it in there's a peg hole just on
the top right in there and take it and
plug this in they're a little bit tricky
to do but it can be done just like that
with these two little red pieces you can
connect them I'm off just Prime's arm
just like that do the same thing with
the other side you can grab this little
red bit and plug that in there
just like that with these two fists you
can plug it in and off just prime right
there do the same thing with the other
side just plug it in there is a peg hole
right there and just plug it in just
like that
and finally with the head of Optimus
Prime
there is a peg hole just on the bottom
right there you can move this forward or
back doesn't matter which way you do it
grab the head and plug that on just like
that okay so here we have office Prime
put back together looking really cool
and is g1 look with these with these
little weapons here
there's pegs on either side one here and
one right there you can plug them on the
side of Optimus Prime
there's two peg holes one there and one
right there on each side you can take
these little weapons and plug them on
the side just like that and you can do
the same thing again with the other side
there's a peg right there and there's
two peg holes on the sides of Optimus
Prime here and right there you're gonna
take the weapon and plug that on just
like so
so as shown on the inside of the
packaging Optus prime does come with a
few accessories you can take the fist
off of off just prime like that
grab the energon axe and plug this in
just like that and for the other side
you need to take this whole entire
section right off of offers Prime it is
a little bit tricky just pull it off
like that and with the fusion can of
Ultra Magnus take the fist plug it in
there's a peg hole right there
plug that in there like that and there's
a peg hole just right there and just
grab the fusion cannon and if you can
plug that in there just like so and it's
kind of get them get them all situated
make sure he stands up all right like
that he also comes with his firing
blaster which does shoot out there's a
button right there and all you do is
press the button and actually shoot so
pretty good and just take the missile
plug that back in here just like that
you can make up just prime hole it just
take the firing missile plug that on
there just like that and he also comes
with another weapon of some sort of some
kind of some kind of fusion cannon I
guess there's a couple of peg holes one
there and one right there you can plug
it along along the arm of office Prime
like that or you can take it and plug it
alongside the form of office Prime
something like that and kind of like I
said to kind of get him situated to make
sure he doesn't fall over okay for the
details about his prime he has blue
detailing on both sides of his legs some
gram Waterdeep tons in the thighs some
yellow details there some white Deaton's
in the midsection some blue details for
the window and I thought about logo on
the side of the arm some white details
on the side of the arm right there a
little bit of white details in the face
the eyes are blue detailing and the head
is a little bit of blue details so let's
take a closer look and you guys can
check it out
here's a quick headshot now for a quick
comparison with here matches up miss
prime here is his counterpart g1 Optimus
Prime
so thanks for watching guys this is my
tough sunny for with my video review you
have just seen transformers hero matches
Optimus Prime this is an absolute great
set and a lot of fun don't forget to
comment rate subscribe spark the mouse
it's about your transformers community
stay tuned for more reviews to come I
want to thank everybody for watching and
as always guys take care everyone